what's up guys welcome back to the
channel my name is sarth and today i'm
finally going to be releasing my tier
five and phase two hunter busiless as
well as basically loop priority i'm
gonna go over what items you need to
focus on and i'm gonna go over how much
of an upgrade basically each piece is or
each set bonus so hunters only get about
a seven percent dps increase here in
this phase but it actually ends up being
pretty huge because we do more damage
than any other class single target in
the game right now also i do want to
mention thank you guys for requesting
this video so much i did make it a few
months ago to be honest and then i
actually never released it and so i do
apologize about that i just kind of was
a little
potentially insecure about releasing a
bunch of hunter content back then but
now i'm sitting at rank number 27 in the
world right now on hunters for phase two
and i figure everyone's asking for it so
i'll put this out anyways if you like
this sort of content or anything i put
out make sure to like and subscribe i'm
gonna be doing a ton of hunter things
but also we're gonna get back to our
rogue love very soon as well as
speedruns are starting so
just stay tuned basically let's dive
right in okay so we are going to be
using varamosa's gear sets i was going
to build my own but he's already set
this all up from the hunter discord so
shout out to veramos for doing all of
this for us and i'm going to go through
everything but the first things you want
to know is of course you are finally
replacing your beast lord gear with the
rift soccer gear this is the tier 5 set
now the first thing to really know about
this is that you are not replacing your
actual beast lord gear until you have
four pieces that's right you need all
four pieces to replace it so you want to
get this four piece set bonus which
increases your crit chance of your
steady shot by five percent now some
people might actually end up going for
or opting for the pants as well because
the chess and helm are both off of the
last bosses kt and vosh technically
backwards respectively but if you can
get all of the four piece that is
exactly what you're gonna get so your
guilds should probably be prioritizing
the four piece to one hunter at a time
that means that you might have to wait
if you are not that hunter getting the
four piece but you don't want to just
one by one replace these pieces it's not
actually going to help you luckily in
tier 5 content each boss will drop two
set tokens so it could happen very
quickly potentially in one week you
could get two hunters geared now how
much of a dps increase is just having
the four piece over the actual beast
lord so according to the sims the four
piece itself over the beast lord set is
about a 40 dps increase about 39 dps
increase specifically just having the
four piece you have to have the four
piece so a huge thing that you actually
gain from this as well is your stats are
going to go up like crazy because as you
can see you have a lot of agility a lot
of intellect and of course a lot of
stamina which is going to be very
helpful in content moving forward
because now you actually kind of do take
damage instead in tier 4 content in
phase one you actually could ignore
literally all mechanics so this will
just make sure that you stay alive
longer but this is increasing your dps
as well and that's what really matters
but outside of getting the four piece
what are the big upgrades for hunters
now the biggest one the biggest single
item upgrade is going to be the weapon
the serpent spine longbow this is from
lady vosh and this is a 24 dps increase
so you're finally getting a nice boost
in your damage on your weapon itself
from prince malcazar weapon to the lady
vosh weapon now there is another gun
there's a gun from alar the first boss
in tk that is actually an upgrade as
well but this isn't your bis there is a
new trinket that is in the game right
now called tsunami talisman tsunami
talisman is
not very great for hunters to say it
lightly
it is not an upgrade over bloodlust
brooch you do like to have the ability
to control when you are actually using
your cooldowns as well as stacking your
attack power during your cooldowns even
with the 45 second internal gcd it is
just not an upgrade over bloodlust
brooch every now and then you could swap
it on if you were having like bloodlust
brooch on cd and you didn't have badge
of the swarmguard to swap to but do not
really worry about tsunami talisman this
isn't like a huge upgrade for you it's
not really something you should really
focus on so i just want to make you guys
all aware of that next up just moving up
forwards is the rings you're still using
the ring of the recalcitrant from
magtheridon so do not worry about
getting both new rings there are two new
rings in this tier v content but
actually what ends up being biss for you
is using regular calcitrant as well as
band of the ranger general technically
there is a third ring guys that you guys
can get and it is almost exactly the
same as band of the recalcitrant or ring
of the recalcitrant and that is actually
the band of eternity now you get this
from turning in the quest to attune
yourself for hyjal which is actually
something i'm not sure is supposed to be
in the game yet but the real thing here
is you're getting one more agility
losing four attack power but you're
getting 10 stamina so this is really
really good as a second ring for you or
really good for your stamina set you can
see i have it right here and everyone
should have a stamina set until you have
the tier pieces so that you can live on
lady vosh and some mechanics like that
but this thing is awesome so if you
don't have the magtheridon ring or you
don't have another really good ring and
you don't need the hit or something then
make sure you grab this the band of
eternity you get it from killing both
last bosses and turning it in in caverns
of time now band of the ranger general
is best for like almost every class it's
it's best for so many people so you
might have some contention there but
obviously you are a hunter so you're
probably getting prioritized this over
most other classes moving straight up to
other items that are not your tier
pieces we have the cobra lash boots now
these are your upgrade from skulkers
greaves they're not a massive upgrade to
be honest most of the offset pieces
aren't a massive upgrade especially in
the sim numbers but one thing that every
piece does really bring to the table
again is that utility of more intellect
as well as more stamina for you to
really stay alive and everything skills
with kings above that we have leggings
of murderous intent these are replacing
your skulker's greaves or if you are of
course able to kill kha'zik and getting
the kazakh pants then this is your next
piece the leggings of murder's intent
and this honestly isn't that massive of
an upgrade according to the sims so it
wouldn't be my highest priority item if
i was looking at an offset item i would
probably be actually looking at the
cloak the cloak from kt
thalassian wielder cloak now this is a
decent upgrade statistically it is a
larger upgrade than a lot of the other
pieces the belt you're gonna have is
actually a boe belt it is a pattern the
pattern is bop this is actually a decent
upgrade so it is the belt of deep shadow
you should be able to get this decently
quickly depending on how your guild is
distributing nether vortex is my guild
in particular is going to focus on melee
weapons and i think yours should too so
i shouldn't be like this is something we
need to get asap but if you can get it
this is a nice upgrade moving past that
again is going to be the neck the
tawonikis pendant of mayhem is a pure
dps increase although if you do need the
hit you actually still use choker of
vial intent so if you do need to hit say
you don't have a boomkin in your raids
you are still using choker of vile
intent this isn't a crazy increase here
as well your bracers are the vambraces
of ending and these are a nice upgrade
for you the vam races of ending there's
also actually a trash
drop in tk that are male bracers that
are a slight upgrade for you so they're
not necessarily as good as these vamp
braces but they are an increase for you
and so far i've seen that trash drop
almost every run so it should be really
easy for hunters to get i'm actually not
completely sure if it is best for
enhancement shamans but if you get your
enhancement shaman one and then get your
hunters them after it's not necessarily
that big of a deal lastly on these lists
is going to be your melee weapons now
there's two real choices here to either
dual weapons which is the best situation
because of course you get to do weight
stones or you could have your two-hander
the talent of the phoenix and the claw
of the phoenix both of these are from
alar the first boss in tempest keep so
they should be very easy to get although
a lot of melee classes might be looking
into them now the offhand the claw of
the phoenix is very fast which means the
only really class that's looking at this
would be a rogue and this actually isn't
an upgrade for the rogues in pve they're
still using latros from black morass
then if we look at the main hand the
talent of the phoenix these both are
actually very large upgrades if you look
at them in the sim sheets both of these
again are actually larger of course than
the cloak but not as good as the bow so
these are your second biggest upgrades
individually each of them is going to be
your next biggest upgrade but what if
you want a two-handed weapon well the
two-handed weapon you're going to get is
actually from kel'thos it is his actual
sword so if we go into atlas and look up
the kelda sword uh it is the twin blade
of the phoenix and you can just socket
three gems into this which is actually
really nice three gem slots so there is
the eight attack power socket bonus is
that more worth it than just using
delicate rubies or a agility no you
actually just use the eight agility gems
in the abyss situation so this is going
to be your best setup if you wanted to
use a two-handed weapon and that wraps
things up for your bist list i will have
a link in the description to these biz
lists i was able to go through and sim
literally every situation possible and
that's actually great now that i'm
playing hunter thank you guys for tuning
in if you want to see more hunter or
rogue content make sure to like and
subscribe to the channel thank you all
for watching my name is sarth and i'll
see you all on the next one